How are things going?
That Bifson has dealt with it.
What about Lord Lin?
Very happy hahaha
Not bad haha
The letter from the court should arrive in a few days
I'd like to see this Lord Lin
How sacred is it?
Hmm, I understand. Hmm.
You from Shopkeeper Lin
You are shopkeeper Lin
I am from the Jiangnan Dao Guild
His name is Ge Yang
This is the scene of the guild
We would like to invite you to a banquet on Gangnam Road
I will definitely go.
Shopkeeper Nalin says goodbye
Hey
The Jiangnan Dao Guild and the Chamber of Commerce are the same nature
The restaurant wants to expand its business
Contact with these guilds is inevitable
I have to go. Yeah.
How is this inn?
Hmm this time
We'll settle in here.
OK
Hey husband
Tomorrow you go to talk about business
Are you not afraid of being laughed at by others with me as a woman?
What's there to be afraid of jokes about?
You are my wife
I'm definitely going to be a lady
I didn't expect it to be less than half a year
You have made your business so big
Husband, you are amazing